Marta riesgo reporter of the program
fiesta is also known for the
relationship she has with Antonio David
flores, the latter has been dealing
with the accusations of abuse that
weigh on him by Rocío
Carrasco since she launched her first
docuseries Rocío contar la verdad para seguir viva
Marta riesgo has had the opportunity to
talk about her relationship with Antonio David
flores in the program Ares Revolution
together with Ares teixidó the reporter
recognizes that it has affected her a lot at a
professional level the presenter of the
program mentioned that November 25th had been the
international day against
gender violence asking that Marta
riesgo send a message to
abused women she began her speech by saying
the following I believe that we have a country
with laws and a justice system I believe that we must
go to justice and leave everything in
their hands
immediately after she commented the following if we
believe that we are harassed or suffering
abuse of course we have to go and
report it and that the judges if this is the case they should
impose the maximum penalty on the
people who are guilty and also on
those who are not, they should leave them alone
and let them live  He said, making a
direct reference to Rocío Carrasco